feat: add `blas/ext/base/gindex-of-truthy-row` (#13207)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/gindex-of-truthy-row/README.md

// Create offset view:
var A1 = new Float64Array( A0.buffer, A0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 ); // start at 2nd element

var out = gindexOfTruthyRow( 'row-major', 4, 4, A1, 4 );
// returns 1
```

#### gindexOfTruthyRow.ndarray( M, N, A, strideA1, strideA2, offsetA )

Returns the index of the first row in an input matrix which contains at least one truthy element using alternative indexing semantics.

<!-- eslint-disable max-len -->

```javascript
/*
    A = [
        [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ],
        [ 1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0 ],
        [ 1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0 ],
        [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ]
    ]
*/
var A = [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ];

var out = gindexOfTruthyRow.ndarray( 4, 4, A, 4, 1, 0 );
// returns 1
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **M**: number of rows in `A`.
-   **N**: number of columns in `A`.
-   **A**: input matrix as a linear array.
-   **strideA1**: stride length for the first dimension of `A`.
-   **strideA2**: stride length for the second dimension of `A`.
-   **offsetA**: starting index for `A`.

> While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to start searching from the second element
```
